
{{ site.question }} Anonymous Web Hosting?

> Yep, anonymous web hosting, that's what we do. It means that we only want your email address (so that we can send you access data) and your domain name. We only accept bitcoin payments, that's why we need no other information from you.

{{ site.question }} Can I get a discount?

> The prices listed on out homepage are the maximum monthly price. You get a discount for plans longer than 3 months. The longer plan the greater discount.

{{ site.question }} Can I do whatever I want when it's anonymous?

> For the love of all that is holy, read our [TOS](/tos/) and [AUP](/aup/) before you order. We are anonymous bitcoin web host but we will still suspend your account if you breach our [TOS](/tos/) and [AUP](/aup/).

{{ site.question }} How do I purchase a plan?

> Choose your plan in the payment box below. We use Mycelium Gear to process all our payments.

> <a target="_blank" href="https://www.namecheap.com/?aff=96621" rel="nofollow">Get a domain name.</a> With NameCheap you can register your Bitcoin domain name within seconds.

> Once you have filled the payment form, you will be redirected to a page with a unique bitcoin address generated by Mycelium especially for your order.

> Send the exact amount to that address and wait for the page to confirm the transaction was received. It should only take a few minutes (0 conf).

> We will set up the account for you and email you what are the next steps and also your cPanel and FTP access data.

> Please [get in touch with us](mailto:tomatohunter@tutanota.com) if you didn't receive your account details in 24 hours after your order was finished.

> We only accept bitcoins for now. If you want to pay in an altcoin, [contact us](mailto:tomatohunter@tutanota.com).


{{ site.question }} I don't have a domain name yet.

> <a target="_blank" href="https://www.namecheap.com/?aff=96621" rel="nofollow">Get one now.</a> With NameCheap you can register your Bitcoin domain name within seconds.

{{ site.question }} Do you have an affiliate program?

> Nope. Not planning one for now.

{{ site.question }} **Need help?**

> Check out our [docs](/docs/)

> Get in touch with us on [Gitter chat](https://gitter.im/tomatohunter/jekyll-bitcoin-hosting?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

> Send us an [email](/#contact)
